c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.exe.config
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.exe
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.g.resources
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.exe
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\GSIiExercise_WPF.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\View\NormalizeLongitude.baml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\obj\Debug\View\NormalizeLongitude.g.cs
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\jbeaver\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GSIiExercise_WPF\GSIiExercise_WPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
